[ Whirring ]
[ Barking ]
[ Whimpering ]
GOOD NEWS, EVERYONE.
SEVERAL YEARS AGO,
I TRIED TO LOG ON
TO A.O.L., AND IT
JUST WENT THROUGH.
WHEE!
WE'RE ON-LINE.
GO AHEAD, GET INTO THESE
NET SUITS.
I DESIGNED AND TESTED THEM
MYSELF.
THEY SMELL LIKE
BURNING RHESUS MONKEY.
REALLY? I GUESS WHEN YOU'RE
AROUND IT ALL DAY
YOU STOP NOTICING.
OFF YOU GO.
BEHOLD!
THE INTERNET!
MY GOD.
IT'S FULL OF ADS.
[ Ads Screaming ]
[ Both Moaning ]
WHOO!
[ Karate Yell ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Squawking Approaching ]
FOLLOW ME.
[ Squawking Continues ]
[ Fry ]
IT'S IMMENSE.
IT'S GOT EVERY PIECE
OF INFORMATION
ANYONE COULD EVER WANT.
SO I SEE.
[ Hooting And Laughing ]
WHAT?
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
WOW!
[ People Chattering ]
HEY, THAT'S ME.
NO, IT ISN'T.
I JUST TOOK SOME PICTURES
OF YOUR FACE
AND STUCK THEM
ON SOMEONE ELSE'S BODY.
HEY...
ARE YOU OVER 18?
YES.
HI.
I'M TELLING YOU, FRY
THEY'VE GOT A CHAT ROOM
FOR EVERYBODY.
AND HERE IT IS.
EWW. THAT IS SO GROSS.
YEAH.
I'LL STICK WITH
THIS ONE, THANK YOU.
YEAH.
[ All Murmuring ]
[ Chuckling ]
HI.
I'M A NAUGHTY NURSE
AND I REALLY NEED
SOMEONE TO TALK TO.
$9.95 A MINUTE.
OH. YOU'RE A DOLLAR
NAUGHTIER THAN MOST.
SO, HOW ABOUT
THEM KNICKS?
[ Clicking Tongue ] [ Groans ]
HELLO? ARE THERE ANY GIRLS
IN THIS ROOM AT ALL?
YEAH. BRING ON
THE HOT CHICKS
'CAUSE I'M
A HOT STUD.
[ Men ]
YEAH.
SO ARE WE.
I'M A WOMAN
IF THAT'S WHAT YOU MEAN.
[ Men Murmuring ]
I DON'T LIKE TO PLAY GAMES,
SO I'LL JUST SAY I'M A CYCLOPS.
I'M A SPACESHIP CAPTAIN;
I'M THE ONLY ONE OF MY SPECIES,
AND I'M INTERESTED
IN MEETING A MAN.
A WOMAN?
I'M SCARED.
WELL, THANKS TO THE INTERNET,
I'M NOW BORED WITH SEX.
IS THERE A PLACE ON THE WEB THAT
PANDERS TO MY LUST FOR VIOLENCE?
IS THE SPACE POPE REPTILIAN?
[ Hermes ]
GET READY FOR FUN, FRY.
NOWADAYS WE HAVE A TYPE OF GAME
PLAYED ENTIRELY ON VIDEO.
[ Leela ]
WE CALL IT A VIDEO GAME.
A VIDEO GAME, YOU SAY?
WELL, GOLLY GEE.
YOU MIGHTY SPACEMEN
OF THE FUTURE
WILL HAVE TO SHOW
ME HOW IT WORKS.
♪♪ [ Up-tempo Techno ]
[ Laughing ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Groans ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Evil Laughter ]
THE DOCTOR IS IN.
THE DOCTOR IS OUT.
EVERYONE, PLEASE
SIGN OFF.
WE HAVE A DELIVERY.
PLUS I HAVE TO USE
THE PHONE TO...
[ Laughing ]
[ Grunting ]
LEELA, PLEASE TELL
THE OTHERS THAT...
[ Screaming ]
WHOA.
[ Groaning ]
[ Screams ]
[ Sighs ]
WHO ARE YOU?
I SAW YOU IN THE CHAT ROOM
BUT YOU LEFT BEFORE I HAD
A CHANCE TO TALK TO YOU.
AFTER ALL THESE YEARS OF
SEARCHING FOR ANOTHER CYCLOPS.
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
I'VE DREAMED OF THIS MOMENT
ALL MY LIFE.
DO YOU THINK PERHAPS,
YOU AND I...
HA-HA!
FRY, YOU IDIOT.
EVER SINCE I WAS ABANDONED
ON EARTH
I'VE BEEN SEARCHING
FOR WHO MY PEOPLE ARE
AND WHERE THEY COME FROM.
THEN I FINALLY MEET ANOTHER
CYCLOPS AND YOU BLAST HIM.
YOU WRECKED MY ONE CHANCE
TO LEARN WHO I AM.
OH, LEELA, I FEEL TERRIBLE.
IF THERE'S ANYTHING
I CAN EVER DO...
GOTCHA.
I WON!
I'M THE GREATEST!
[ Laughing ]
COME ON.
WE HAVE WORK TO DO.
[ Groans ]
[ Sighs ]
ARE YOU STILLMAD
AT ME FOR WRECKING
YOUR ONCE-IN-A-
LIFETIME CHANCE
TO LEARN THE
MEANING OF
YOUR EXISTENCE?
NO. I'M JUST HAPPY YOU WERE ABLE
TO WIN A VIDEO GAME.
NOW LET'S CONCENTRATE ON GETTING
THIS DESPERATELY NEEDED POPCORN
TO THE PEOPLE
OF CINEPLEX FOURTEEN, OKAY?
[ Computer ]
Leela, you've got mail.
[ Sighs ]
It's not spam.
HUH?
IT'S HIM.
To Leela.
Subject, hello. I am Alcazar.
Fortunately, I wrote down
your screen name
before I was dispatched
by that oafish moron.
KICKED YOUR ASS.
Leela, we have much to discuss.
Please come join me
on the planet of your birth.
Coordinates follow.
WELL, TOO BAD
WE'VE GOT
TO MAKE THAT URGENT
POPCORN DELIVERY.
[ Leela ] IT'LL GET THERE.
[ Leela ]
AFTER A WHOLE LIFE OF SEARCHING
I MAY FINALLY HAVE
FOUND WHERE I BELONG.
TOO BAD IT'S A DUMP.
LOOK AT THAT STATUE.
IT'S ONLY GOT ONE EYE.
LAZY SCULPTOR.
[ Man ]
WELCOME HOME, LEELA.
ALCAZAR?
ARE YOU REAL
OR AM I SEEING SINGLE?
OW.
OF COURSE, I'M REAL.
AFTER ALL THIS TIME,
SOMEBODY ELSE WITH ONE EYE
WHO ISN'T A CLUMSY CARPENTER
OR A KID WITH A B.B. GUN.
IT'S ALL RIGHT, LEELA.
YOU'LL NEVER BE ALONE AGAIN.
COME.
LET ME INTRODUCE YOU
TO YOURSELF.
DO YOU MIND
IF YOUR SERVANTS WALK?
NOT AT ALL.
[ Evil Laughter ]
[ Alcazar ]
WE ARE THE LAST
REMAINING CYCLOPES.
OUR PLANET IS CYCLOPIA.
THIS IS THE CAPITOL,
CYCLOPS CITY.
STOP ME IF I'M GOING
TOO FAST FOR YOU.
SO MUCH INFORMATION,
AND YET, SOMEHOW
I FEEL AS IF I
KNOW IT ALL ALREADY.
THIS SACRED MOSAIC
DEPICTS OUR GODDESS OF BEAUTY.
HMM. YOU GOT ANY
SACRED ARTWORK OF
HER FROM THE BACK?
HER PERFECT EYE REMINDS
ME OF YOURS, LEELA.
HAD OUR RACE SURVIVED
YOU WOULD HAVE BEEN
A TEMPLE PRIESTESS
OR A SUPERMODEL.
OH, PLEASE. REALLY?
[ Goofy Humming ]
AND THERE'S THE INFAMOUS PIRATE
PURPLE BEARD,
SCOURGE OF THE SIX SEAS.
WHAT'S OVER
THAT HILL?
[ Alcazar ]
THE FORBIDDEN VALLEY--
A HOLY SANCTUARY
WHERE NO ONE MAY TREAD.
IS THAT
ANYTHING LIKE A CEMETERY?
'CAUSE I GOT TO TAKE A LEAK. OW!
FRY, THAT'S OFFENSIVE
TO OUR PEOPLE.
ISN'T IT?
OW.
THIS IS MY HOME.
I HOPE YOU DON'T THINK
LESS OF ME
BECAUSE I LIVE
IN A GIANT CASTLE.
OH, NO, NOT AT ALL.
IF ANYTHING, I'M
MOREIMPRESSED.
OOH. I'M GOING TO NEED
TO MAKE SOME ROOM.
AND HERE IS WHERE
I DREAM MY LONELY DREAMS
AND COOK MY SIMPLE MEALS.
IT'S ALL SO SAD.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO OUR PEOPLE?
[ Sighing ]
THAT'S TOO PAINFUL
TO SPEAK OF NOW.
COME. I'LL SHOW YOU
YOUR QUARTERS.
[ Whistling Casually ]
[ Clangs ]
OW. OW. OW.
[ Alcazar Sobbing ]
I HEARD YOU FROM MY ROOM.
WHAT'S WRONG?
NOTHING.
IT'S JUST...
NO, LEELA.
I DON'T WANT TO SEE TEARS
IN YOUR PERFECT EYE.
PLEASE. IS IT ABOUT THE FATE
OF OUR PEOPLE?
BECAUSE I'M VERY INTERESTED
IN THAT.
WELL, OKAY
BUT IT'S CHILLY
AND YOU'RE GOING TO BE
ALL WET FROM THE TEARS.
LET'S GO INTO MY CHAMBER.
IT WASN'T LONG AGO
OUR PEOPLE WERE HAPPY
AND PROSPEROUS
BUT THE EYELESS MOLE PEOPLE OF SUB-TERRA THREE
GREW JEALOUS
OF OUR VISUAL PROWESS.
THEY FIRED MISSILES
IN ALL DIRECTIONS
HOPING TO HIT CYCLOPIA.
UNFORTUNATELY, ONE OF  THE 40 PLANETS HIT WAS OURS.
HOW FAR AWAY
DO YOU THINK IT IS?
A TRILLION MILES?
[ Alcazar ] THINGS GOT HOT.
YOU LOOK A LITTLE
HOT, ACTUALLY.
YOU COULD TAKE
OFF THAT JACKET.
OUR PEOPLE DON'T
LIKE TO BE HOT.
ANYWAY, JUST
BEFORE THE IMPACT
OUR SMARTEST SCIENTIST MANAGED TO SAVE ONE BABY.
[ Crying ]
ALCAZAR,
I USED TO BE A BABY.
IT MIGHT HAVE BEEN ME.
[ Alcazar ] FORTUNATELY, I WAS EMPLOYED AS A POOL CLEANER AT THE TIME
AND, WHEN I EMERGED  FROM RETRIEVING A DEAD POSSUM
I FOUND  I WAS THE ONLY ONE LEFT.
[ Anguished Cry ]
IT'S SO TRAGIC.
YES, BUT THE
REAL TRAGEDY
IS THAT OUR RACE
ENDS WITH US.
IT DOESN'T HAVE TO.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
YOU'RE A MALE.
AND I'M A FEMALE.
I'M STILL NOT FOLLOWING YOU.
[ Smooching Sounds And Moaning ]
WAKE UP, MY KING.
[ Grunting, Hacking  And Spitting ]
OH, GEEZ, WHAT A NIGHT.
MAKE ME SOME COFFEE,
WOULD YA?
UH, SURE. OKAY.
WHAT DO YOU
TAKE WITH THAT?
PANCAKES AND SAUSAGE.
KITCHEN'S IN THE BASEMENT;
PANS ARE IN THE ATTIC.
MAYBE AFTER BREAKFAST
WE CAN TALK ABOUT
REBUILDING OUR CIVILIZATION.
[ Snoring ]
MMM. GREAT PANCAKES, LEELA.
YEAH, THEY'LL COME IN HANDY
IF I NEED TO COVER
ANY TINY MANHOLES.
[ Chuckling ]
[ Laughing ]
LISTEN, HON
WE DON'T WANT TO
LOOK LIKE SLOBS
IN FRONT OF THE OTHER
SPECIES, DO WE?
NO.
SO GET TO WORK
ON THESE DISHES.
THEN ORGANIZE
MY COLLECTION
OF NAKED CELEBRITY PHOTOS
BY WHAT YOU CAN SEE.
LOOK, ALCAZAR...
CALL ME AL.
LOOK, AL
I KNOW YOU'VE BEEN
LIVING ALONE A LONG TIME
AND I CAN SYMPATHIZE
BUT I'M NOT YOUR MAID.
YOU'RE RIGHT. I'M SORRY.
I GUESS THE RELATIONSHIP
ISN'T GOING TO WORK OUT.
SO MUCH
FOR THE CYCLOPS RACE.
I THOUGHT IT WAS
A PRETTY GOOD RACE BUT...
OKAY, OKAY.
I'LL DO THE DISHES.
HEY, WHERE'D THEY GO?
[ Clanking ]
AH. LEELA IS EXPERIENCING
THE GREATEST JOY
A WOMAN CAN FEEL--
WORSHIPPING
SOME LOWLIFE JERK.
HE MAY BE SOME
LOWLIFE JERK
BUT I DON'T TRUST HIM.
I THINK HE'S
HIDING SOMETHING
AND I'M GOING TO FIND OUT
WHAT IT IS.
[ Fiendish Laughter ]
TRY AND STOP ME.
[ Screaming ]
AL?
I DID MY HAIR
THE WAY YOU WANTED IT.
WHO ARE THESE PEOPLE?
FRIENDS.
HEY, WHERE'D YOU GET
THIS COUCH
AND THAT TV SET
AND ALL THIS STUFF?
THEY WERE GIVING IT AWAY
ON THE STREET CORNER
JUST LIKE YOU, LEELA.
[ Whooping And Hooting ]
TOO BAD THEY
WEREN'T GIVING AWAY
THE THREE THINGS
YOU ACTUALLY NEED--
MOUTHWASH, A BACK WAX,
AND STAIN-PROOF UNDERWEAR.
[ Whooping And Hooting ]
YOU GO, GIRL!
BY THE WAY, YOUR PAL FRY
FELL INTO THE DUNGEON.
TAKE HIM A TACO SO
HE DOESN'T DIE AND
STINK UP THE PLACE.
COME ON, AL.
CAN'T YOU LET
THE LITTLE GUY OUT?
GEEZ, LEELA, TWICE IN ONE DAY?
I'M NOT SUPERMAN.
[ Whooping And Hooting ]
WHY WERE YOU SNEAKING
INTO MY PEOPLE'S
FORBIDDEN VALLEY?
'CAUSE I THINK ALCAZAR'S
HIDING SOMETHING FROM YOU.
LISTEN, LEELA,
YOU MAY NOT LIKE IT.
YOU MAY NOT BELIEVE IT.
YOU MAY NOT WANT TO HEAR IT.
BUT ALCAZAR'S A JERK.
HE'S BAD FOR YOU. HE--
I KNOW.
YOU DO?
FRY, IF IT'S
OBVIOUS TO YOU
WITH YOUR LEARNING
DISABILITY
THEN, OF COURSE,
IT'S OBVIOUS TO ME.
HE'S CRUDE AND GROSS,
AND HE TREATS ME LIKE A SLAVE.
THEN DUMP HIS ONE-EYED ASS.
I CAN'T.
IF I LEAVE ALCAZAR
THAT'S THE END OF
THE CYCLOPS RACE
AND I WON'T LET
THAT HAPPEN
EVEN IF IT MEANS
A LIFETIME OF
UNHAPPINESS.
[ Toilet Flushing ]
[ Alcazar ]
LEELA, MOP UP IN
AISLE NUMBER TWO.
[ Animals Laughing
And Hooting ]
I'LL BREAK UP
WITH HIM AT DINNER.
I'LL BE THERE.
YO, LEELA, WHAT GIVES?
PIG SAYS YOUR SLOP
TASTES LIKE CRAP.
YEAH, LIKE CRAP.
[ Snorting ]
COME ON, LEELA.
YOU DESERVE BETTER
THAN THIS GUY.
DUMP HIM ALREADY.
I'M TRYING.
[ Clinking ]
HEY, EVERYONE,
JAM A SOCK IN YOUR SPIT FAUCETS.
NOT LONG AGO, I SPENT
MY LONELY NIGHTS
RENTING SLASHER
FLICKS WITH RAT MAN
AND HIS GIRLFRIEND.
BUT THEN
A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN ARRIVED...
STOP EATING, PIG!
AND SHE BROUGHT NEW HOPE FOR ME
AND OUR ONCE-GREAT CIVILIZATION.
NOW, A MILLION CENTURIES
OF CYCLOPS DESTINY
DEPEND ON THE ANSWER
TO ONE QUESTION.
LEELA, WILL YOU MARRY ME?
NO. NO.
YES, I WILL!
OH!
THEY'REGETTING
MARRIED.
CONGRATULATIONS,
LEELA.
[ All Congratulating ]
GLAD YOU COULD MAKE IT.
IT'S A MAGICAL DAY.
WELCOME!
PSST! LEELA!
YOU'VE GOT TO GET
ME OUT OF HERE.
IT'S HORRIBLE--
EATING SCRAPS
LETTING MY WASTE DROP
WHEREVER IT FALLS
LIKE AN ANIMAL
IN A ZOO.
ANIMALS GO IN THE CORNER.
THE CORNER.
WHY DIDN'T I THINK OF THAT?
LOOK, FRY, I'D LIKE TO HELP YOU
BUT IT'S MY WEDDING,
AND I'M KIND OF BUSY.
HERE. TRY TO BE HAPPY
FOR ME.
THAT WAY, AT LEAST
ONE OF US WILL BE.
THAT'S IT.
IT'S TIME FOR
THIS BIRD TO WALK.
[ Grunting ]
[ Giddy Laughter ]
OW!
[ Groans ]
BENDER!
COME ON, WE'VE GOT TO GET
SOME DIRT ON ALCAZAR.
LET'S GO FIND OUT WHAT MAKES THE
FORBIDDEN VALLEY SO FORBIDDEN.
EH, NO THANKS. I'M GOOD.
BUT THERE'S PROBABLY SOME COOL
FORBIDDEN STUFF YOU CAN STEAL.
I DON'T KNOW, FRY.
FOR THE FIRST TIME IN MY LIFE,
I FEEL LIKE...
I'VE STOLEN ENOUGH.
BENDER, SNAP OUT OF IT.
[ Sputtering ]
SORRY. I DON'T KNOW
WHAT CAME OVER ME.
LET'S GO!
♪ I LOVE STEALIN' ♪
♪ I LOVE
TAKIN' THINGS ♪
[ Yawns ]
[ Plays Reggae
"Here Comes The Bride" ]
[ Raspberry ]
THAT PIG OVER THERE IS WEARING
THE SAME SANDALS AS ME.
[ Lizards Snarl And Hiss ]
COME ON, BOY, JUMP!
GOOD BOY.
[ Bender ]
WHOA, MITTENS.
[ Lizard Screeches ]
[ Fry And Bender Gasp ]
MY GOD!
FOUR IDENTICAL CASTLES.
EACH MORE IDENTICAL
THAN THE LAST.
[ Fry ]
THAT'S WEIRD.
IT'S ANOTHER
CYCLOPS.
ONLY THIS ONE
HAS FIVE EYES.
AND HERE'S ANOTHER
ONE WITH NOEYES.
DOES ANYONE HAVE A REASON
WHY THIS COUPLE
SHALL NOT BE JOINED
IN THE IRREVOCABLE SHACKLES
OF HOLY BLISS?
SAVING A RACE OF
ONE-EYED MONSTERS?
WHO COULD
OBJECT TO THAT?
CUT TO THE CHASE, PREACH.
DO YOU, ALCAZAR,
TAKE THIS WOMAN...
POORER, IN SICKNESS,
TO LOVE, DEATH, PART?
YEAH, SURE, I DO.
COME ON-- FASTER!
DO YOU, LEELA,
COPY AND PASTE HIS RESPONSE
TILL DEATH DO YOU PART?
I... D--
[ Lizards Screeching ]
[ All Gasping ]
OH, MY GOD.
[ Squeals ]
WHAT THE...?
HEY, ALCAZAR,
YOU LEFT SOMEBODY
OFF THE GUEST LIST.
[ Panting ]
ALCAZAR!
[ Italian Accent ]
WHY YOU ARE SO LATE
FOR OUR WEDDING?
AND WHY YOU HAVE ONLY ONE EYE?
IT'S...
[ Chuckles ]
OOH.
UH, HEY, SWEETIE.
JUST GO BACK TO THE CASTLE
AND WAIT FOR ME.
[ Gasping ]
SHE... SHE'S NUTS.
I CAN MORPH INTO
A FIVE-EYED ALIEN
AND I KIND OFSAID
I'D MARRY HER.
BUT I'M REALLY
A CYCLOPS
AND I'M REALLY
GOING TO MARRY YOU.
OH, YEAH?
THEN WHAT ABOUT THIS?
UH...
[ Chuckles ]
UH... THIS IS A BIT AWKWARD.
WHO'S A-SHE?
WHO'S SHE?
WHO ARE THEY?
GO BACK TO THE CASTLE, SANDY.
AND MAYBE YOU'D
LIKE TO MEET HER
AND HER.
UH, EH, UH...
THIS, UM...
[ Chuckling ]
LEELA...
THIS MUST ALL BE VERY CONFUSING.
A LITTLE.
THAT'S WHY I'VE DECIDED
TO HURT YOU
UNTIL YOU EXPLAIN IT.
[ Yelling And Grunting ]
SHOW US YOUR REALFORM.
YEAH!
DO IT!
[ Snorts ]
WELL, THIS IS THE REAL ME,
BUT I CAN EXPLAIN.
WE ALL HAVE NEEDS.
MINE WAS TO MAKE IT
WITH FIVE WEIRDOS
AND HAVE THEM SCRUB
MY FIVE CASTLES.
I GAVE YOU ALL
WHAT YOU WANTED
AND, OF COURSE, I MADE
A FEW BUCKS LETTING PIG
WATCH THROUGH
THE TWO-WAY MIRROR.
CAN ANY OF YOU SAY
YOU WOULDN'T HAVE DONE
THE EXACT SAME THING
IN MY POSITION?
[ Weeping ]
HE'S A SAINT.
BUT WHY DID YOU HAVE ALL
FIVE WEDDINGS ON THE SAME DAY?
HEY, LADY, YOU GOT ANY IDEA
WHAT IT COSTS
TO RENT A TUX
THAT CHANGES SHAPE?
ALL RIGHT, ALCAZAR.
I JUST HAVE ONE LAST QUESTION
FOR YOU.
WHAT'S THAT?
IF YOU COULD CHANGE FORM
WHY DIDN'T YOU CHANGE IT
IN THE ONEPLACE THAT COUNTS?
[ Whooping And Jeering ]
[ Farnsworth Laughs Alone ]
[ Bender Humming ]
THANKS FOR SAVING ME
FROM THAT CREEP, FRY.
HEY, THAT'S WHAT I DO.
I GUESS I WAS SO DESPERATE
TO FIND OUT WHO I REALLY WAS
I FORGOT WHO I REALLY WAS.
NO HARM DONE.
IN THE MANY DECADES
YOU'LL WORK TO REPAY ME
FOR THAT SHIPMENT OF POPCORN
YOU DESTROYED
YOU'LL HAVE PLENTY OF TIME
TO SEARCH FOR YOUR TRUE HOME.
YEAH.
I MEAN, HOW MANY PLANETS
CAN THERE BE?